okay guys run do a review on this Massey
Ferguson 35 I guess not sure what that
means a lot of these tractors I don't
know what they mean only way I know is
if I see him so it doesn't look like
much
I wonder see what it sounds like well
that's not what it should sound like I'm
pretty sure
that sounds like a big tractor
oh the friending comes up when you break
okay here's the lights that's weird is
no light shining but it shows up on the
trees okay so and this is what it looks
like inside there on it
you have your little throttle right
there yeah right beside the steering
wheel a little shiny bar then you have
your brake pedals I guess and don't see
a clutch pedal but I mean it could just
hide like a little Peggy push - I don't
know I have no clue let's see what it
hooks up to you
we're gonna do this like real life here
just turn around
the best we can
well in a world it doesn't hook up okay
I guess cuz it's to stall okay so about
these smaller this other though
Wow dozens of you know trailers
I hope so that butt ain't gonna do you
much good oh my goodness
just drive the plow here
well it plows if you are
can't keep the front end down it plows I
can keep the front end down
so yeah I think that's a battle I'm
gonna review on that a much to it if you
just like to look at it you can buy it
for your farm but I mean it's just ain't
much to it so guys like my videos please
hit that like button scribe and share
thank you and bye